# 2.  what is the @configuration and @bean?
    @Bean: Used within @Configuration classes to define beans explicitly. The methods annotated with @Bean produce a bean to be managed by the Spring container

# 3. How do you handle the exception in Spring?
    Annotate methods in controller with @ControllerAdvice to handle exception and 
    these methods annotated with @ExceptionHandler can be sued to provide customized error responses or redirect to error page 

# 4. How do you do the validations in Spring? And list some validation annotaitons you know.
    1. add validation rule to payload 
    2. add @valid to controller to apply the rule
    @Size(min, max): Validates that the size of the annotated element falls between the specified boundaries (inclusive).
    @NotBlank: Ensures that the annotated character sequence is not white space.
    @AssertTrue, @AssertFalse: Checks that the annotated element is true or false.

# 5. What is the actuator, list some endpoints it provides?
    It is a set of produciton-ready features that help you monitor and manage your application. 
    It provides several built0in endpoints that expose inforamtion about the applicaiotn's health metrics.
    Health Endpoint (/actuator/health):
    Environment Endpoint (/actuator/env):

# 6.  What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benfits of using Srpingboot?
    It is framework for enterprise Java development. The core of Spring Framework includes features like 
    Dependency Injection (DI), Aspect-Oriented Programming
    The benefits of using Springboot is: 
    1. convention over configuraiton.
    2. Embedded Servers for deploying applications as standalone JARS
    3. auto-configuration:

# 7. What is IOC and What is DI?
    IOC: transfers the control of objects or portions of a program to a container or framework.  
    IoC  enables a framework to take control of the flow of a program and make calls to our custom code
    DI: is a specific form of IoC where a component's dependencies are injected from the outside rather than
    being created or manged by the component itself. 

# 8. What is  @CompnonentScan?
    Comopnet scanning is a feature that allows Spring to automatically discover and register Spring beans in the 
    applicatoin context without the need for explicit bean definitions.

# 9. How to define which package spring need to scan in xml and annotaiton?
    In XML configuration, you typically use the <context:component-scan> element to define the base package for component scanning
    <!-- applicationContext.xml -->
    <beans xmlns="http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans"
    xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
    xmlns:context="http://www.springframework.org/schema/context"
    xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans
    http://www.springframework.org/schema/beans/spring-beans.xsd
    http://www.springframework.org/schema/context
    http://www.springframework.org/schema/context/spring-context.xsd">
    
        <!-- Enable component scanning -->
        <context:component-scan base-package="com.example" />
    
        <!-- Other bean definitions can be included here -->
    
    </beans>
    Annotation Configuration:
    @Configuration
    @ComponentScan(basePackages = "com.example")
    public class AppConfig {
    // Other configuration or bean definitions can be included here
    }

# 10.  What is  @SpringbootApplication?
    @SpringBootApplication is a convenience annotation in the Spring Boot framework. It is used to annotate the main class of a Spring Boot application, 
    combining three commonly used annotations: @Configuration, @EnableAutoConfiguration, and @ComponentScan.

# 11. How many ways wo can define a bean?
    1. Using @Bean Annotation: In a configuration class annotated with @Configuration, you can define a method annotated with @Bean
    2. Component Scanning: Annotate a class with @Component or its specialized stereotypes (@Service, @Repository, @Controller)
    3. xml configuration

# 12. What is default bean name for  @Component and  @Bean
    @Component annotation to declare a bean, the default bean name is generated based on the class name with the first letter in lowercase
    @Bean annotation within a @Configuration class, the default bean name is derived from the method name.

# 13. What is the difference between  @component and  @service,@repository
    @Component, @Service, and @Repository are stereotype annotations that are used to define and indicate different types of Spring beans.
    @Component: Indicates that a class is a Spring component and should be registered as a bean
    @Service: Specialized form of @Component used to indicate that a class provides a service.
    @Repository: Specialized form of @Component used to indicate that a class is a repository

# 14. How many annotaitons we can use to inject the bean?
    @Autowired: Used for automatic injection of beans by type. Can be applied to fields, setter methods, and constructors.
    @Qualifier: Used in conjunction with @Autowired to specify the exact bean to be injected when multiple beans of the same type exist
    @Resource: A Java EE standard annotation used for dependency injection. Can be used to inject by name, type, or qualifier.
    @Primary: Used to give a higher preference to a specific bean when multiple beans of the same type exist.

# 15. Tell me the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans in Spring)? Which way is better and why
    Constructor Injection: dependencies are injected through the constructor of the class 
    Setter Injection: dependencies are injected throght setter
    Method Injection: dependencies are injected through methods 
    Constructor Inject: is better.
    It ensures the immutabiity that the objects state does not change after it is created 
    Explicit Dependencies: requireds all dependencies to be explicitly declared in the constructor. Make the dependencies easiser to understand
    Avoid Circular Dependencies:
    Test-Friendliness: Constructor injection makes it easier to provide alternative implementations

# 16. If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primay
    If we have multiple beans of the same type, we can use the @Primary annotation to indicate which bean should be considered primary bean.
    By default, Spring uses type-based resolution. If you specify the type of the dependency without using @Qualifier, Spring will attempt to find a bean of the specified type
    @Qualifier allows you to further specify the bean by name if needed.

# 17. What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?
    BeanFactory is the most basic version of IOC containers, preferred when memory consumption is critical. ApplicationContext extends BeanFactory, offering all the benefits of BeanFactory plus advanced features for enterprise applications.
    Bean Instantiation: BeanFactory instantiates beans on-demand, i.e., when the method getBean(beanName) is called. It is a Lazy initializer. On the other hand, ApplicationContext instantiates beans at the time of creating the container when bean scope is Singleton, making it an Eager initializer
    Automatic Registration: ApplicationContext automatically registers BeanFactoryPostProcessor and BeanPostProcessor at startup, whereas BeanFactory does not register these interfaces automatically.
    Annotation Support: Annotation-based dependency injection is not supported by BeanFactory, whereas ApplicationContext supports it

# 18. What is the Scope of a Bean?  and list the examples for each scope.
    singleton: This scopes the bean definition to a single instance per Spring IoC container (default).
    prototype: This scopes a single bean definition to have any number of object instances.
    request: This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP request. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext.
    session: This scopes a bean definition to an HTTP session. Only valid in the context of a web-aware Spring ApplicationContext


# 15. Configure a bean using xml. If bean has parameters/dependencies, how can we
    configure the bean? (you can google the tutorial how to configure beans in xml,
    and feel free to ask me any quesitons if you don't understand. it is a little bit old,
    I am not sure if I need to exaplain it in class)
    <bean id ="addressBean" class="com.example.Address">
        <constructor-arg name="city" value="New York"/>
        <constructor-arg name="zipCode" value="10001/>
    </bean>

    <bean id="personBean" class="com.example.Person">
        <constructor-arg name="name" value="John"/>
        <constructor-arg name="address" ref="addressBean"/>
    </bean>
    