# 1. List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework to annotations.md
    ## Spring Security
    @EnableWebSecurity`: Enables Spring Security's web security support.
    @Secured`: Used at the method level to decide if a method can be executed.
    `@PreAuthorize`: Used to decide if a method can be invoked based on a pre-determined expression.
    @PostAuthorize`: Used to decide if the method can be invoked after it has been executed.
    ## Cookie and Session
    `@CookieValue`: Annotation indicating a method parameter should be bound to a web cookie.
    `@Configuration`: Indicates that a class declares one or more `@Bean` methods.
    `@ComponentScan`: Configures component scanning directives for use with `@Configuration` classes.
    ## Spring Data JPA
    - `@Entity`: Specifies that the class is an entity.
    - `@Repository`: Indicates that an annotated class is a repository, which is an abstraction of data access and storage.
    - `@Service`: Indicates that an annotated class is a service.

# 2. What is the authentication?
    process of verfifying the identity of a user or entity trying to accersss a particular resources or system 

# 3. What is the authorization?
    Authorization is the process of determing what actions or operations an authenticated user or system is allowed to perform. 
# 4. What is the difference between authentication and authorization?
    The main difference lies in their objectives:
    Authentication verifies the identity of a user
    Authorization determines the actions and access rights grated to an authenticated user 
# 5. What is HTTP Session?
    It is server-side storage mechanism used to maintain state across mmultiple requets from the same user.
    They help overcome the stateless nature of the HTTP protocol. 
# 6. What is Cookie?
    It is a small piece of data sent from a web server to a user's browser. The browser stroes the cookie and sends
    it back with each subsequent request to the same server. 
# 7. What is the difference between Session and Cookie?
    storage Location:
        Session: stored on the server side 
        Cookie: stored on the client side 
    Security:
        session: generally considered more secure as data is stored on the server 
        cookie: prone to security issues, especially if sensitive information is stored 
# 8. How do we use session and cookie to keep user information across the application?
    Cookeie: The browser stores the cookie and sends it back with each subsequent requests to the same server.
    This allows the server to identify users and remember thier preferences or other data.
    Session: session are produced and managed by the web applicaotin. The server associates incoming requets 
    with the correct session using the session Id received fro mthe client. 
    
# 9. What is JWT?
    It is an open standard that defines a compact and self-contained way for securely transimitting information
    between parties as a JSON object. 
# 10. What is the spring security filter?
    Filters are used to perfrom security-related tasks. 
    UsernamePasswordAuthenticationFilter: 
        Takes care of validating the username and password submitted in a login form.
    JwtAuthenticationFilter:
        Extracts and verifies JWTs from incoming requests
    FilterSecurityInterceptor
        Performs access control decisions
# 11. Describe how JWT works (slides 里有图， 26页)
    1. once user login with userId/password, Server generates a JWT with user information
    2. Server sends JWT to client and cient stgores the toekn in cookie or local storage
    3. client includes JWT in requets to the server and server verifies the token's integratiy using secret key
# 12. Do you use any Encoder to encode Password?
    BCryptPasswordEncoder (salted hashing)
# 13. What is UserDetailService? AuthenticationProvider? AuthenticationManager? AuthenticationFilter? (把这几个名字看熟悉也行)
    UserDetailsService: Provides core user information,  Loads user details (username, password, authorities) from a backend data store (e.g., database) and constructs a UserDetails object.
    AuthenticationProvider: Authenticates users based on provided credentials
    AuthenticationManager: Delegates the authentication request to a configured AuthenticationProvider. It iterates through the available providers to find one that supports the provided authentication token.
    AuthenticationFilter:  Captures the user's credentials (e.g., from a login form or token) and creates an authentication token. This token is then passed to the AuthenticationManager for authentication.
    
# 14. What is the disadvantage of Session? How to overcome the disadvantage?
    In a clustered environment, managing session data across multiple servers can be complex.
    1. use stateless authentication (JWT)
    2. Distributed caching, use redis to implement distributed chaching solutions to share session data across multiple servers 
    
# 15. How to get value from application.properties?
    use @Value("${property.key}")
    or use  String propertyValue = environment.getProperty("property.key");
# 16. What is the role of configure(HttpSecurity http) and configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)?
    configure(HttpSecurity http: This method is responsible for configuring security settings related to HTTP requests. It defines which endpoints require authentication, what kind of authentication is needed, and what access rules should be applied.
    configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth:  It defines how Spring Security will verify the user's credentials during the authentication process
# 17. What is Spring security authentication and authorization?
        Authentication:
            Definition: Authentication is the process of verifying the identity of a user or system
        Authorization:
            Definition: Authorization is the process of determining whether a user or system has the necessary permissions to perform a specific action or access a particular resource.
# 18. Reading, 泛读一下即可，自己觉得是重点的，可以多看两眼。https://www.interviewbit.com/spring-security-interview-questions/#is-security-a-cross-cutting-concern
    
