### Question 1:
@Service
@Repository
@Component
@Autowired
@Qualifier
@Primary

### Question 2:
Spring: A powerful framework for building Java applications, known for Dependency Injection and Aspect-Oriented Programming.
Spring Boot: An extension of Spring, simplifying the initial setup and development process.


### Question 3:
IOC (Inversion of Control): A principle where the control of objects is transferred to a container or framework.
DI (Dependency Injection): A design pattern implementing IOC, where dependencies are injected into objects rather than being created internally.

### Question 4:
It specifies the packages to be scanned by Spring for components 

### Question 5:
XML Configuration: Use <context:component-scan base-package="com.example"/>.
Annotation: @ComponentScan(basePackages = "com.example").


### Question 6:
A convenience annotation that encompasses @Configuration, @EnableAutoConfiguration, and @ComponentScan.

### Question 7:
Annotation-Based: Using @Component, @Service, @Repository, @Controller.
Java Configuration: Using @Bean within a @Configuration class.
XML Configuration: Defining beans in XML files.

### Question 8:
@Component and its derivatives: Class name with the first letter in lower case.
@Bean methods: The method name is used as the bean name.

### Question 9:
@Component: Generic stereotype for any Spring-managed component.
@Service: Indicates that a class is a service layer.
@Repository: Indicates that a class is a data repository.

### Question 10:
@Autowired
@Inject
@Resource

### Question 11:
Constructor Injection: Injecting dependencies through the constructor.
Setter Injection: Using setter methods for dependency injection.
Field Injection: Injecting directly into fields


### Question 12:
Set as Primary: Using @Primary on one of the beans.
Specify Bean to Inject: Using @Qualifier("beanName").

### Question 13:
BeanFactory: The basic container that manages beans. It lazily instantiates beans.
ApplicationContext: Superset of BeanFactory, providing additional features like AOP, web application services, etc. It eagerly instantiates singletons.

### Question 14:
Singleton: One instance per Spring Container.
Prototype: A new instance each time a bean is requested.
Request: One instance per HTTP request.
Session: One instance per HTTP session.
Global-Session: One instance per global HTTP session.

### Question 15:
<bean id="myBean" class="com.example.MyClass"/>

<bean id="myBean" class="com.example.MyClass">
  <property name="dependency" ref="anotherBean"/>
</bean>