1. **List all of the new learned annotations to your annotations.md**
   `@Test`: Used to mark a method as a test method.
   `@Before`: Executed before each test method.
   `@After`: Executed after each test method.
   `@BeforeClass`: Executed once before any test method in the class.
   `@AfterClass`: Executed once after all test methods in the class.
   `@Mock`: Used to create a mock.
    @InjectMocks`: Used to inject mocked dependencies into the tested object.
   `@RunWith(MockitoJUnitRunner.class)`: Used to automatically initialize annotated mocks and inject them.
2. **What is Selenium?**
   User-behavior simulation
   It provides a way to automate browsers and simulate user interactions with web applications.
3. **What is Cucumber?**
   behavior-driven development (BDD).
   Given , when and then
4. **What is JMeter?**
   Apache JMeter is an open-source software application designed to perform functional, performance, and load testing of web applications. 
   It is a widely-used tool for simulating a variety of scenarios to measure and analyze the performance of web services, databases, and other services.
5. **What is the lifecycle of JUnit?**
   Initialization:
    Annotations Used: @BeforeClass, @Before
    Description: Before any test methods are executed, JUnit performs setup operations.
    Execution Order:
    @BeforeClass method (executed once for the entire test class).
    @Before method (executed before each test method).
   Test Method Execution:
    Annotations Used: @Test
    Description: The actual test methods are executed to verify the behavior of the code under test.
    Execution Order: Each @Test method is executed individually.
   Cleanup:
    Annotations Used: @After, @AfterClass
    Description: After the execution of each test method, cleanup operations are performed.
    Execution Order:
    @After method (executed after each test method).
    @AfterClass method (executed once for the entire test class). 

6. **Is `@BeforeAll` method should be Class level(static)?**
   Yes, the @BeforeAll method in JUnit should be declared as static. The @BeforeAll annotation is used in JUnit 5 to indicate a method that should be executed once before all the test methods in a test class
7. **What is Mockito? What are its limitations? What kind of tools can give help?**
   Mockito is a popular mocking framework for Java applications that allows developers to create and use mock objects in their unit tests
   Final Classes and Methods: Mockito cannot mock final classes or methods. This is because Mockito uses dynamic proxying and bytecode manipulation, which is not possible for final elements.
   Static Methods: Mockito does not support mocking static methods. If code under test relies heavily on static methods, it might be challenging to use Mockito for testing.
   Constructors: Mockito cannot directly mock object creation or constructors. It focuses on mocking methods of existing objects.

   PowerMock: PowerMock is an extension to Mockito that addresses some of its limitations. It can mock final classes and methods, static methods, and even constructors. However, it comes with some trade-offs and complexity.
8. **What is `@Mock` and what is `@InjectMocks`?**
   @InjectMocks is another annotation in Mockito that works in conjunction with @Mock. While @Mock is used to create individual mock objects, @InjectMocks is used to inject those mock objects into the class under test.
9. **What is stubbing (define behaviors)?**
   Stubbing allows you to specify what the mock object should do when specific methods are called on it.
10. **What is Mockito ArgumentMatchers?**
    Mockito ArgumentMatchers are utilities provided by the Mockito framework to match method arguments when stubbing or verifying method calls on mock objects.
11. **What are Hamcrest Matchers?**
    Hamcrest provides a set of predefined matchers that you can use to perform various types of checks in a more human-readable way.
    // Example: Using equalTo to check if the result is equal to "expectedValue"
    assertThat(result, equalTo("expectedValue"));

12. **Do you know `@Spy`? What is the difference between `@Spy` and `@Mock`?**
    @Spy: It is used to create a partial mock. It allows you to spy on real objects, meaning that it retains the original behavior of the methods, but you can still verify or stub specific methods.
    @Mock: It is used to create a mock object for a class or interface. The mock object has no real implementation, and you need to specify the behavior of its methods using Mockito stubbing.

13. **What is assertion?**
    Assertion in software testing is a mechanism used to verify whether the expected and actual outcomes of a test match.
14. **If you have developed a new feature, how many types of tests for this feature? What kind of tests are written by you? What is the purpose of each type of tests?**
    Unit Testing: Testing the smallest testable units of a program, such as functions or methods, Verify the correctness of
    individual components
    Integration Testing: Testing the interactions between multiple components or modules, Verify that the
    Regression Testing: After modifying the program or environment, re-run previously run tests to confirm that no new errors have been introduced
    Performance Testing: Testing the performance and response time of a system under a specific workload
    components or modules is correct
15. **Add unit test for `CommentServiceImpl`, the coverage should be 100%.**

16. **Write Integration tests for `PostController`. The tests should cover all scenarios.**
