
## 2. Practice git
```
    git init
    git clone <repository URL>
    git add <file>
    git add . or git add –
    git commit -m "commit message"
    git status
    git log
    git log --oneline
```


## 3. What is the basic steps to init a git repo in you local ?

```
git init
git add.
git commit -m "message"

```

## 4. How to clone a repo from Github ?

```
git clone URL
```

## 5. How to create a new branch and checkout to that branch ?

```
git branch <branch_name>
git checkout <branch_name>
```

## 6. How to merge the branch_test to master branch in command ?

```
git checkout <branch_name>
git pull
git merge bracn_test
git push
```

## 7. How to stash your new code before leaving branch branch_learn_stash and pop your stash when you checkout back to branch_learn_stash ?

```
git stash 
git checkout master 
git checkout branch_learn_stash 
git stash pop
```

## 8. How do you understand PR is based on Branch?

A Pull Request is a mechanism for proposing changes and submitting them for review before merging into a target branch.

## 9. What is maven role ? what it be used to do ?

Maven is a widely used build and project management tool in the Java project. 
It is used for dependecy  management, project build, and lyft-cycle management.

## 10. What is the lifecycle of maven? could you tell me the details ?
Maven defines a build lifecycle to standardize and simplify the build process for projects. It includes
- validate: Validates the project state.
- compile: Compiles the source code.
- test: Runs tests against compiled code.
- package: Packages the compiled code into a distributable format.
- verify: Runs additional checks to verify the package.
- install: Installs the package into the local repository.
- deploy: Copies the package to a remote repository

## 11. What is the difference between package and install in maven lifecycle ?
- `Mvn package`: Creates JAR or WAR file for the project to convert it into a distributable format. 
- `Mvn install`: Deploys the packaged JAR/ WAR file to the local repository.

## 12. What is plugins in maven, list some plugins.
- `maven-compiler-plugin`: Compiles Java source code to bytecode. It allows you to specify the source and target Java versions.
- `maven-surefire-plugin`: Executes unit tests. It is commonly used to run JUnit tests during the build process
- `maven-jar-plugin`: Creates a JAR (Java Archive) file for your project.
- `maven-clean-plugin`: Deletes the target directory, cleaning up the artifacts generated during the build.
- `maven-dependency-plugin`: Manages dependencies, allowing you to copy or unpack them.

## 13. In Repo/MavenProject directory, create a maven Module using Intellij, named it as below
```
    <dependency>
    <groupId>com.chuwa.learn</groupId>
    <artifactId>java-core</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0</version>
    </dependency>
```