* List all of the annotations you learned from class and homework 
- @Autowired @Qualifier @Bean @Configuration

* @Configuration and @Bean
- `@Configuration`: declare the class as the source for bean definitions
- `@Bean`: tell the spring to create and menage this bean(method level)

* How to handle exception in spring
- `@ExceptionHandler`: Annotate methods within a @Controller or @RestController with @ExceptionHandler to handle specific exceptions at the controller level.
- `@ControllerAdvice`:Annotate a class with @ControllerAdvice to create a global exception handler that can be shared across multiple controllers.

* validation annotation
- @NotNull @NotEmpty @NotBlank @Email @Size @Min @Max

* Spring Actuator
- `Spring Boot Actuator` is a set of production-ready features that help you monitor and manage your application. 
- `Health Endpoint (/actuator/health)`
- `Metrics Endpoint (/actuator/metrics)`
- `Environment Endpoint (/actuator/env)`
- `Beans Endpoint (/actuator/beans)`

* What is Spring and Springboot? What is the benefits of using Srpingboot?
- `Spring` is a comprehensive framework for building enterprise Java applications. It provides a wide range of features, including dependency injection, aspect-oriented programming, data access, transaction management, and more. The core of the Spring framework is the Inversion of Control (IoC) container, which manages the lifecycle of Java objects, known as beans. 
- `Spring Boot` is a project within the broader Spring framework ecosystem that simplifies the development of production-ready applications.
- auto-configuration, microservices, production-ready defaults

* DI and IOC
- `DI`: Inject the bean for this variable
- `Spring IOC`: process through the control of bean creation and management by ioc container to achieve loosely coupled. The main implementation is DI

* ComponentScan
- `ComponentScan`: which directs Spring to search for components in the
  path specified

* @SpringbootApplication
- `@SpringBootApplication` is an annotation in Spring Boot that combines three commonly used annotations: @Configuration, @EnableAutoConfiguration, and @ComponentScan.

  * Component scan in XML 
  ```
  <context:component-scan base-package="com.example"/>
  ```
* How many ways wo can define a bean?
- XML based configuration
- Annotation based configuration

* What is default bean name for  @Component and  @Bean
 - lowercase of the declared classname
 - @Component("MyComponent")-> MyComponent

* What is the difference between  @component and  @service,@repository?
  While they are functionally equivalent, using these annotations helps to provide additional semantic meaning to the roles of the beans.

* the three types to do dependency injection(How can we inject the beans
  in Spring)? Which way is better and why?
- `Condstructor Injection`,`Field Injection`,`Setter Injection`
- `Constructor Injection`:Immutability, Explicit Injection, Avoid Circular, Test-friendliness

* If we have multiple beans for one type, how to set one is primary? and how to let
  the spring to pick one bean to inject if no primay.
- use `@Primary`
- use `Qualifier("specified beanname)`

  * What is the difference between BeanFactory and ApplicationContext in Spring?
    Both can be configured using XML configuration files, but ApplicationContext also supports Java configuration.
  BeanFactory provides basic IoC and Dependency Injection (DI) features, while ApplicationContext provides advanced features.

* How many annotaitons we can use to inject the bean?
- @Autowired @Resource @inject

* What is the Scope of a Bean?  and list the examples for each scope
 - The scope of a bean defines the lifecycle and visibility of instances managed by the Spring IoC container. 
 - `Singleton`:Only one instance of the bean is created per Spring IoC container (per ApplicationContext).
 - `Prototype`: A new instance of the bean is created each time it is requested.
 - `Request`:A new instance of the bean is created for each HTTP request in a web application.
 - `Session`: A new instance of the bean is created for each HTTP session in a web application.

* 