## 1. what is generic in Java (code in coding 3 folder)
- Generics provide a way to create classes, interfaces, and methods by various given types .
- ```See Code in CodingQuestions/generic ```
### 2. ```See Code in CodingQuestions/t06_java8 ```
### 3. ```See Code in CodingQuestions/Practival_java8 ```
### 4. ```See Code in CodingQuestions/ t06_java8/exercise```
### 5. 
    ```
    public class EagerSingleton {
    private static final EagerSingleton instance = new EagerSingleton();

        private EagerSingleton() {
        }
    
        // Global point of access to the instance
        public static EagerSingleton getInstance() {nk
            return instance;
        }
    }
    public class LazySingleton {

        private static LazySingleton instance;
        private LazySingleton() {
        }

        public static LazySingleton getInstance() {
         
            if (instance == null) {
                instance = new LazySingleton();
            }
            return instance;
        }

    }

    ```
### 6. 
- `Unchecked exception`: also known as runtime exceptions. Those may happen everywhere. Adding it to the method declaration will reduce the program clarity.
  checked by the JVM at run time.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException, NullPointerException
### 7. example of NullPointerException
```
public class NullPointerExceptionExample {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Integer number = null;
        try {
            // This line will throw a NullPointerException
            int value = number + 1;
            System.out.println("The value is: " + value);
        } catch (NullPointerException e) {
            System.out.println("Caught NullPointerException: " + e.getMessage());
        }
    }
}
```
### 8. Optional class
-`Optional` is a container object used to contain not-null objects. Optional object is used to
represent null with absent value. This class has various utility methods to facilitate code to handle values as ‘availableʼ or
 ‘not availableʼ instead of checking null values.

### 9. advantages of using Optional class
-The use of Optional can reduce the need for explicit null checks, making the code more concise and less error-prone. It encourages developers to handle the absence of a value in a more functional and declarative style.

### 10. @FunctionalInterface
- It is declarative annotation to indicate that they are intended to be used as functional interfaces.

### 11. what is lambda
- A lambda expression is a short block of code which takes in parameters and returns a value. Lambda expressions are similar to methods, but they do not need a name and they can be implemented right in the body of a method.

### 12. Method Reference
Method Reference is used to refer method of the functional interface, it is a compact and easy form of a lambda interface.
### 13. Java 8 new features
- `Interface with Static and Default Methods`:
In Java, interfaces can now include static and default methods. These methods, despite being declared in an interface, provide a defined behavior. Static methods are associated with the interface itself,
while default methods provide a default implementation that can be overridden by implementing classes.

- `Method Reference for Lambda Expressions`:
Method reference in Java serves as a shorter and more readable alternative to lambda expressions, especially when the lambda expression simply calls an existing method. It enhances code readability by directly referencing methods or constructors without the need for a complete lambda expression.

- `Optional Class for Handling Null Values`:
The Optional class in Java provides a way to handle situations where there is a possibility of getting a NullPointerException. It allows you to return a value if it is not null, and if the value is null, it enables you to specify predefined actions to be taken instead of throwing a NullPointerException. This helps in writing more robust and null-safe code.


### 14. Lambda can use unchanged variable outside of lambda?
lambda expressions can use variables from the surrounding scope. However, there are some rules and restrictions to consider. Lambda expressions can access effectively final variables from the enclosing scope.
### 15. The newly added features in Java 8
- `Interface with Static and Default Methods`:
  In Java, interfaces can now include static and default methods. These methods, despite being declared in an interface, provide a defined behavior. Static methods are associated with the interface itself,
  while default methods provide a default implementation that can be overridden by implementing classes.

- `Method Reference for Lambda Expressions`:
  Method reference in Java serves as a shorter and more readable alternative to lambda expressions, especially when the lambda expression simply calls an existing method. It enhances code readability by directly referencing methods or constructors without the need for a complete lambda expression.

- `Optional Class for Handling Null Values`:
  The Optional class in Java provides a way to handle situations where there is a possibility of getting a NullPointerException. It allows you to return a value if it is not null, and if the value is null, it enables you to specify predefined actions to be taken instead of throwing a NullPointerException. This helps in writing more robust and null-safe code.

### 16. Can a functional interface extend/inherit another interface?
Yes, a functional interface in Java can extend or inherit from another interface

### 17. what is lambda expression, how does it relate to a functional interface
- A lambda expression is a short block of code which takes in parameters and returns a value. Lambda expressions are similar to methods, but they do not need a name and they can be implemented right in the body of a method.
- 
### 18. what is method reference
Method Reference is used to refer method of the functional interface, it is a compact and easy form of a lambda interface.

### 19. what does the String::ValueOf expression mean
It means implement the ValueOf() function  of  String class.

### 20. Intermediate and terminal operations
- `Intermediate operations` return a stream as a result and terminal operations return nonstream values like primitive or object or collection or may not return anything. e.g.
filter() , map() , flatMap() , distinct() , and sorted()
- `Intermediate operations` are lazily loaded. When you call intermediate operations, they are
  actually not executed. They are just stored in the memory and executed when the terminal
  operation is called on the stream. e.g. forEach() , reduce() , collect() , and
  count() .
### 21. mostly commonly used Intermediate operations
- filter() , map() , flatMap() , distinct() , and sorted()
### 22. findFirst() vs findAny()
  - The findFirst() method in Java's Stream API always returns the first element in the stream that satisfies the given criteria. It is deterministic and will consistently return the same result for a particular stream and predicate. 
    On the other hand, the findAny() method returns any element in the stream that matches the specified criteria. It is non-deterministic and might return different results for different invocations on the same stream
### 23. Collections vs Stream
- `Collection`:Data structure holds all the data elements
- `Stream`: No data is stored. Have the capacity to process an infinite
          number of elements on demand