# HW1


1. See [ ShortQuestions/README.md](/README.md).


2. list the git commands you learned
- Create a new local repository
  - `git init` Create a new local repository
- Check out a repository
  - `git clone /path/to/repository` Create a working copy of a local repository
  - `git clone username@host:/path/to/repository` Create a new local repository from a remote server
- Add files
  - `git add <filename> / git add .  ` Add one or more files to staging
- Commit
  - `git commit -m "Commit message"` Commit changes to head (but not yet to the remote repository)
- Push
  - `git push origin master` Send changes to the master branch of your remote repository
- Status
  - `git status` List the files you've changed and those you still need to add or commit
- Connect to a remote repository
  - `git remote add origin <server>` If you haven't connected your local repository to a remote server, add the server to be able to push to it
  - `git remote -v` List all currently configured remote repositories
- Branches
  - `git checkout -b <branchname>` Create a new branch and switch to it
  - `git checkout <branchname>` Switch from one branch to another
  - `git branch` List all the branches in your repo, and also tell you what branch you're currently in
  - `git branch -d <branchname>` Delete the feature branch
  - `git push origin <branchname>` Push the branch to your remote repository, so others can use it
- Update from the remote repository
    - `git pull` Fetch and merge changes on the remote server to your working directory
    - `git merge <branchname>` To merge a different branch into your active branch
    - `git diff` View all the merge conflicts
    - `git diff --base <filename>` View the conflicts against the base file
    - `git diff <sourcebranch> <targetbranch>` Preview changes, before merging
- Stash
    - `git stash` Stash the changes in a dirty working directory away
    - `git stash pop` Remove or throw away the latest or the topmost stash
    - `git stash list` Pull up a list of your repository's stashes
      

3. What is the basic steps to init a git repo in you local ?

   1. cd into the working directory in your local machine
   2. run `git init`

4. How to clone a repo from Github ?
    1. `git clone repositoryURL `

5. How to create a new branch and checkout to that branch ?
    1. `git checkout -b new_branch_name`
   
   or
   2. `git branch new_branch_name` then `git checkout new_branch_name`

6. How to merge the branch_test to master branch in command ? show me the commands
    1. `git checkout master` 
   2. `git merge branch_test`
   3. commit changes if necessary `git commit -m "Merge branch_test into master"`

7. How to stash your new code before leaving branch branch_learn_stash and pop your stash when you
   checkout back to **branch_learn_stash ? try commands way and intellij way.
  - commands way
    1. `git stash`
    2. `git checkout anotherBranch`
    3. `git checkout branch_learn_stash`
    4. `git stash pop`
  - intellij way
    1. Under Git->Uncommited changes->stash changes, select `keep index` to bring the changes staged in the index to your working tree for examination and testing.
    2. Under Git->Branches, click the branch you want to go to.
    3. Under Git->Uncommited changes->unstash changes, selct the one you want to apply, select `Pop stash` if you want to remove the selected stash after it is applied.

8. How do you understand PR is based on Branch?

   1. PR is a way to propose changes from one branch to another. When you create a PR, it means that the changes in the compare branch to be reviewed and finally merged into the base branch. So PR is based on branch.

9. What is maven role ? what it be used to do ?

   - Maven provides an easy way to download and remove the dependencies. Rols includes:
   
     - Manage Dependencies
     - Build Project
     - Documentation
     - Reporting
     - Others
   

10. What is the lifecycle of maven? could you tell me the details ?

    There are three built-in build lifecycles: default, clean and site.
    1. Clean Lifecycle includes `clean` : Removes all files generated by the previous build
    2. Default Lifecycle includes:
        
        - prepare resources: Resource copying can be customized in this phase
        - validate: Validates if the project is correct and if all necessary information
          is available.
        - compile: Source code compilation is done in this phase.
        - test: Tests the compiled source code suitable for testing framework.
        - package: Creates the JAR/WAR package as mentioned in the
          packaging in POM.xml.
        - install:  Installs the package in local/remote maven
          repository.
        - deploy: Copies the final package to the remote repository.
    3. Site Lifecycle `site` : generates the project's site documentation
11. what is the difference between package and install in maven lifecycle ?

    `package` generates the package (JAR, WAR) but doesn't make it available for use in other projects. `install` installs the package into the local/remote repository, allowing other projects to use it as a dependency.

12. What is plugins in maven, list some plugins.

    - Plugins are tools that enhance the functionality of Maven during build and site lifecycle. Examples: 
        
        - clean: Cleans up target after the build. Deletes the target directory.
        - compiler: Compiles Java source files.
        - jar: Builds a JAR file from the current project.
        - war: Builds a WAR file from the current project.
        - antrun: Runs a set of ant tasks from any phase mentioned of the build.
        - javadoc: Generates Javadoc for the project.
    

13. See [MavenProject/pom.xml](../MavenProject/pom.xml)
14. Do Code Review: Go over the PRs in your repo, tried to leave some useful or useful comments in other
    students' PR, please don't merge it.