## What is the Aspect Oriented Programming?

Aspect-Oriented Programming (AOP) is a programming paradigm that aims to increase modularity by allowing the separation of cross-cutting concerns, which are concerns that affect multiple parts of the application but are not localized in one specific module or class. 

## What are the advantages and disadvantages of Spring AOP?

1. Advantages:

Modularity and Reusability: Spring AOP allows developers to modularize cross-cutting concerns (such as logging, security, and transaction management) into aspects. These aspects can be reused across different parts of the application, leading to cleaner and more maintainable code.

Separation of Concerns: AOP promotes the separation of concerns by isolating cross-cutting concerns from the core business logic. This separation makes the codebase easier to understand, maintain, and modify.

Declarative Approach: Spring AOP provides a declarative approach to applying aspects, allowing developers to specify aspects using annotations or XML configurations. This simplifies the process of applying cross-cutting concerns without cluttering the core business logic.

2. Disadvantages:

Limited to Method-Level Join Points: Spring AOP primarily focuses on method-level join points, limiting its flexibility compared to more advanced AOP frameworks like AspectJ. It may not cover all aspects of a complex application.

Runtime Performance Overhead: The weaving process in Spring AOP can introduce some runtime performance overhead. While this overhead is usually acceptable for most applications, performance-sensitive systems might need careful consideration.

Limited Pointcut Expressiveness: Spring AOP's pointcut expressions are powerful but might not be as expressive as those in more advanced AOP frameworks. This limitation may impact the precision of specifying join points.

## What is Aspect in Spring AOP?

The aspect itself is a combination of advice and pointcut. It defines what advice should be applied at which join points. Aspects encapsulate the cross-cutting concerns and provide a modular and reusable way to apply the advice.

## What is Pointcut in Spring AOP?

A pointcut is a set of join points. It specifies the criteria for selecting the join points where the advice should be executed. Pointcuts define the conditions under which the advice associated with an aspect should run.

## What is the Join point in Spring AOP?

A join point is a point in the execution of the application where an aspect's advice can be applied. In Spring AOP, join points are method invocations. The combination of a pointcut and a join point defines where and when the advice is applied.

## What does it mean by Advice and its types in Spring AOP?

Advice is the actual implementation of the aspect. It is the code that gets executed during a particular point in the execution of the program. There are different types of advice, including "before," "after," "around," "after-returning," and "after-throwing."

## When to use Spring Batch?

Large Data Volume Processing: When dealing with large volumes of data that need to be processed in batch mode, Spring Batch can provide robust and scalable solutions.

Repetitive and Non-Interactive Processing: For tasks that are repetitive and don't require user interaction, such as processing large datasets, generating reports, or performing data migrations.

Data Cleansing and Transformation: When data needs to be cleaned, transformed, or migrated from one format to another before being loaded into a database or used for reporting.

Scheduled Jobs: For scheduling and automating jobs at specific times or intervals. Spring Batch integrates well with scheduling tools like Quartz or the scheduling capabilities provided by the Spring framework.

Error Handling and Retry Strategies: In scenarios where error handling and retry strategies are crucial. Spring Batch provides mechanisms for handling errors, retrying failed steps, and rolling back transactions.

## How Spring Batch works?

Job Configuration: A Spring Batch job is defined by a set of configurations. The configuration includes the definition of steps, readers, writers, processors, and listeners. The job configuration is typically specified in XML or using Java configuration.

Job Execution: To execute a job, an instance of the JobLauncher interface is used. The JobLauncher is responsible for starting the execution of a job. Spring provides different implementations of the JobLauncher, such as the SimpleJobLauncher or the AsyncJobLauncher.

Step Configuration: A job is divided into one or more steps, each representing a logical unit of work. A step typically consists of three main components: a reader, a processor, and a writer. Steps can also include listeners for pre and post processing.

ItemReader: The ItemReader reads data from a data source. Spring Batch provides various built-in ItemReader implementations for reading data from different sources like databases, flat files, XML, or even in-memory collections.

ItemProcessor: The ItemProcessor is optional and is responsible for processing the data read by the ItemReader. It allows for data transformation, filtering, or any other processing logic. If no processing is needed, this step can be omitted.

ItemWriter: The ItemWriter writes the processed data to the target system or storage. Spring Batch provides various ItemWriter implementations for writing to databases, flat files, XML, and more.

Chunk-Oriented Processing: Spring Batch follows a chunk-oriented processing model, where data is read, processed, and written in chunks. A chunk is a configurable number of items processed together. This approach helps manage memory efficiently, especially when dealing with large datasets.

Transaction Management: Spring Batch integrates with Spring's transaction management to ensure data consistency. Each chunk of items is processed within a transaction, and the transaction is committed after the successful processing of the entire chunk.

Listeners: Spring Batch provides listeners that allow developers to hook into the lifecycle of a job or step. For example, JobExecutionListener and StepExecutionListener interfaces provide methods to execute code before and after job or step execution.

## How can we schedule a Spring Batch Job?

One common approach is to use the Spring TaskScheduler along with the @Scheduled annotation to periodically trigger the execution of a Spring Batch job. 

## What is the cron expression?

A cron expression is a string representing a schedule in a human-readable form. It is used to configure the timing of scheduled tasks in various software applications, including job scheduling systems and cron services. A cron expression consists of fields that represent different aspects of time, such as minutes, hours, days, months, and days of the week.

## What is the spring task?

Spring offers the TaskExecutor interface for asynchronous execution of tasks and the @Scheduled annotation for scheduling tasks at fixed rates or intervals. This functionality is often used for background tasks, job scheduling, and periodic tasks.

## When to use Spring task?

Scheduled Tasks: When you need to perform tasks at fixed rates or intervals, such as cleanup tasks, data synchronization, or periodic checks.

Background Jobs: For executing background jobs asynchronously without blocking the main application flow.

Automated Jobs: When you want to automate specific tasks, such as sending emails, generating reports, or updating data.

Periodic Maintenance: For handling routine maintenance tasks or periodic updates in the application.

Cron Jobs: When you need more complex scheduling patterns, you can use cron expressions with the @Scheduled annotation.

## What is Filter and any filter example?

A filter is an object that performs filtering tasks on either the request to a resource, the response from a resource, or both. Filters are commonly used for tasks such as authentication, logging, input validation, and more. They are part of the Java Servlet specification and can be configured in the web.xml deployment descriptor or using annotations.

## What is the Interceptor? What we can do with interceptor?

Interceptors in the context of web frameworks, such as Spring MVC, are components that allow you to intercept and process HTTP requests and responses. They provide a way to perform tasks such as logging, authentication, modifying requests, and modifying responses. Interceptors are specific to web frameworks and operate at a higher level compared to filters.

## In Interceptor, What is preHandle? What is postHandle?

The preHandle method is called before the actual handler method of the controller is invoked.

The postHandle method is called after the handler method has been invoked but before the view is rendered.

## What is Swagger?

Swagger is an open-source framework that helps developers design, document, and consume RESTful web services. It provides a set of tools for building APIs that are both well-designed and properly documented.
=======
## What is the authentication?

Authentication is the process of verifying the identity of an entity, such as a user, system, or device, to ensure that it is who or what it claims to be.

## What is the authorization?

Authorization is the process of determining the permissions or privileges granted to an authenticated entity (such as a user, system, or application) to access specific resources or perform certain actions within a system or application. 

## What is the difference between authentication and authorization?

Authentication deals with verifying the identity of an entity, while authorization deals with determining what that authenticated entity is allowed to do or access. Both are crucial components of a comprehensive security strategy, working together to control access and protect resources within a system or application.

## What is HTTP Session?

An HTTP Session is a mechanism that allows web applications to maintain stateful information across multiple requests and responses between a client (typically a web browser) and a web server. It will store the session Id to represents some sensetive information and send back to the browser.

## What is Cookie?

A cookie is a small piece of data stored by a web browser on a user's device, which is sent between the browser and the server in HTTP requests and responses. Cookies are commonly used to track and maintain information about a user's interactions with a website or web application. They provide a way for websites to store data on a user's device and retrieve it later.

## What is the difference between Session and Cookie?

Sessions often involve the use of cookies to store session identifiers on the client side. The session identifier helps the server associate subsequent requests with the correct session data.

## How do we use session and cookie to keep user information across the the application?

First first time, we send an API to server including the user information. In the server, it will store the information to session and have a mapping with an sessionId, the server set a cookies and store the sessionId, then send the cookies back to the client, the cookies will be stored in the browser.

Then, if we send other APIs in the same browser, the server will check the cookies' to find the sessionID, then find the user information by the sessionID.

## What is JWT?

JWT stands for JSON Web Token. It is a compact, URL-safe means of representing claims between two parties. JWTs are often used for authentication and authorization purposes in web applications and APIs. 

Advantages of JWT:

1. Compact and URL-safe: JWTs are designed to be easily transmitted over the network, even in URL query parameters.

2. Stateless: Since JWTs contain all the necessary information, servers can validate and process them without needing to store session data.

## What is the spring security filter?

The security filter chain is a series of filters that are responsible for handling various aspects of security in a web application. Each filter in the chain is designed to perform a specific security-related task, such as authentication, authorization, and protection against common security threats. The filters are organized in a chain, and each filter can modify the request, response, or both as they pass through the chain.

The Spring Security filter chain is configured in the WebSecurityConfigurerAdapter class, which allows developers to customize and extend the security configuration based on their application's requirements.

## Decribe how do JWT work.

Token Creation (Server Side):
When a user logs in or authenticates, the server generates a JWT, including relevant claims such as the user ID, roles, or other necessary information. The server signs the JWT using a secret key (for symmetric algorithms) or a private key (for asymmetric algorithms) to create the signature.

Token Transmission (Client Side): The server sends the JWT to the client, typically in the HTTP response header (e.g., Authorization header) or as part of the response body.

Token Storage (Client Side): The client stores the JWT, often in memory or in a secure storage mechanism, depending on the application's requirements.

Token Inclusion in Requests (Client Side): In subsequent requests to protected resources, the client includes the JWT, usually in the Authorization header using the "Bearer" authentication scheme.

Token Verification (Server Side): When the server receives a request with a JWT, it verifies the signature using the same secret or public key used for signing. This ensures the integrity and authenticity of the token. The server decodes the base64-encoded payload to retrieve the claims and processes them as needed.

Access Control (Server Side): The server uses the claims from the decoded JWT to make access control decisions. For example, it checks whether the user has the required roles or permissions to access a resource.

Token Expiration: JWTs can have an expiration time (specified in the exp claim), and the server may enforce token expiration to manage security risks. If a token has expired, the server may require the client to obtain a new one.

## Do you use any Encoder to encode Password?

PasswordEncoder interface is commonly used to handle password hashing. Spring Security provides several implementations of this interface, and one of the widely used ones is BCryptPasswordEncoder. It uses the bcrypt hashing algorithm, which is known for its strength against brute-force attacks and is considered a secure choice for password hashing.

## What is UserDetailService? AuthenticationProvider?AuthenticationManager? AuthenticationFilter?

UserDetailService is an interface in Spring Security that is used to retrieve user-related data. It is responsible for loading user-specific data such as username, password, and authorities from a backend store during the authentication process.

AuthenticationProvider supports the authentication request represented by a specific Authentication class. It returns true if the provider can process the authentication request for the given Authentication class. This method is crucial when there are multiple authentication providers configured, and each provider is responsible for different types of authentication.

AuthenticationManager delegates the authentication request to each provider in the chain until one of them successfully authenticates the user or all providers fail.

AuthenticationFilter is a crucial component in Spring Security that handles the processing of authentication requests, especially in scenarios where users submit their credentials through a form.

## What is the disadvantage of Session? how to overcome the disadvantage?

While sessions are a common and convenient mechanism for maintaining state in web applications, addressing their potential disadvantages involves optimizing storage, considering distributed solutions, and being mindful of security concerns.

We can use the cache or redis to store the session. Each server can access the redis and search session.

## how to get value from application.properties?

1. Using @Value Annotation: @Value("${property.key}")

2. Using Environment:
    private Environment environment;

    public String getPropertyValue() {
        return environment.getProperty("property.key");
    }

3. Using @ConfigurationProperties:

custom.propertyKey = customValue

@ConfigurationProperties(prefix = "custom")

private String propertyKey

## What is the role of configure(HttpSecurity http) and configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth)?

The configure(HttpSecurity http) method is responsible for configuring security settings related to HTTP requests. It defines how requests should be handled in terms of authentication, authorization, and other security-related configurations. 

The configure(AuthenticationManagerBuilder auth) method is responsible for configuring how Spring Security authenticates users. It defines the mechanism used to verify user credentials and retrieve user details.

## What is Spring security authentication and authorization?

In Spring Security, authentication and authorization are fundamental concepts that ensure the security of a web application by controlling access to resources and verifying the identity of users.

Authentication is the process of verifying the identity of a user, typically by validating the provided credentials (such as username and password). Spring Security provides a flexible authentication framework that supports various authentication mechanisms. 

Authorization is the process of determining whether an authenticated user has the necessary permissions to access a particular resource or perform a specific action. Spring Security provides a flexible and declarative way to define access control rules. 

