1. List all of the new learned annotations to your annotations.md
2. what is selenium?
    1. Selenium is an open source umbrella project for a range of tools and libraries aimed at supporting browser automation. It provides a playback tool for authoring functional tests across most modern web browsers, without the need to learn a test scripting language.
3. what is cucumber?
    1. Cucumber is an open-source tool that supports behavior-driven development (BDD) by allowing developers, testers, and other stakeholders to collaborate and define application behavior in a human-readable format. It enables the creation of executable specifications written in natural language, which can be easily understood by non-technical stakeholders.
4. what is JMeter?
    1. JMeter is widely used in the software testing for load testing and performance testing of web applications, web services, databases, and other services. Its extensibility, user-friendly interface, and robust reporting capabilities make it a popular choice for performance testing teams.
5. What is the lifecircle of Junit?
   JUnit 5's test case goes through multiple life cycles. The four main life cycles are:
    1. @BeforeAll: Runs something once before a test class
    2. @BeforeEach: Runs something before or after every test method
    3. @AfterEach: Runs something after every test method
    4. @AfterAll: Runs something once after a test class
6. Is @BeforeAll method should be Class level(static)?
    1. Yes, @BeforeAll methods should be class-level (static). This is because they are executed before all tests in the current test class, and they need to be accessible to all of the tests in the class.
7. What is Mockito? and what is its limitations?  what kind of tools can give help?
   1. In unit testing, a mock is a created object that implements the behavior of a real subsystem in controlled ways. In short, mocks are used as a replacement for a dependency.

    With Mockito, you create a mock, tell Mockito what to do when specific methods are called on it, and then use the mock instance in your test instead of the real thing. After the test, you can query the mock to see what specific methods were called or check the side effects in the form of a changed state.

    By default, Mockito provides an implementation for every method of the mock.

    *limitation*

    Mockito doesn't support mocking of local variables, static methods and private methods.

8. What is @Mock and what is @InjectMocks?

    @Mock is used to create mocks that are needed to support the testing of the class to be tested. @InjectMocks is used to create class instances that need to be tested in the test class.

9. What is the stubbing (define behaviors)?
    1. Stubs define specific behaviors for an object's method. They can simulate the behavior of existing code or be a temporary substitute for yet-to-be-developed code.

    Stubbing is mainly used to replicate the behavior of an API in a controlled manner with predefined responses. This allows the developer to focus on testing the integration and functionality of the code without worrying about external dependencies.

    Stubs are different from mocks, which act as stand-in objects for another. Stubs only mock the behavior, but not the entire object.

10. what is Mockito ArgumentMatchers
    1. Mockito argumentMatchers are static methods that allow for flexible verification and stubbing. They can be used to match specific values, specify expected input values, or verify invocations
11. what is Hamcrest Matchers
    1. Hamcrest provides a library of matcher objects (also known as constraints or predicates) in Java. It allows for writing more flexible and expressive tests using a declarative style of matching rules. They are commonly used in assertions and for mock object interaction verification.
12. do you know @spy? what is difference between @spy and @Mock?
    1. @Mock: Creates a completely new instance of the class or interface and mocks all of its methods by default.

    2. @Spy: Uses the real instance of the class and allows you to selectively mock specific methods while retaining the real behavior for others.
13. What is assertion?
    1. assertions are used to make explicit statements about the expected state of the program at specific points. If an assertion fails (i.e., the condition is false), it indicates a bug or an unexpected condition in the code. Assertions play a crucial role in identifying and diagnosing issues during the development and testing phases.
14. If you have developed a new feature, how many types of tests for this feature? and what kind of tests are written by you? what is the purpose of each type of tests?
    I will write couple of types of testing.
    1. Unit Testing, for test minimal testable unit of my function.
    2. Integration testing. make sure all the thing works together.
    3. Functional Testing. make sure the funtionality meet the expections.
    4. Regression Test. Make sure the new changes does not impact the existing code.
