4. Write main features of Microservices:  

Decoupling: Within a system, services are largely decoupled. The application as a whole can therefore be easily constructed, altered, and scalable

Componentization: Microservices are viewed as independent components that can easily be exchanged or upgraded
   
Business Capabilities: Microservices are relatively simple and only focus on one service
   
Team autonomy: Each developer works independently of each other, allowing for a faster project timeline
   
Continuous Delivery: Enables frequent software releases through systematic automation of software development, testing, and approval
   
Responsibility: Microservices are not focused on applications as projects. Rather, they see applications as products they are responsible for
   
Decentralized Governance: Choosing the right tool according to the job is the goal. Developers can choose the best tools to solve their problems
   
Agility: Microservices facilitate agile development. It is possible to create new features quickly and discard them again at any time.

5. What are the benefits and drawbacks of Microservices?
Benefits:

Self-contained, and independent deployment module.  
Independently managed services.     
In order to improve performance, the demand service can be deployed on multiple servers.     
It is easier to test and has fewer dependencies.  
A greater degree of scalability and agility.    
Simplicity in debugging & maintenance.   
Better communication between developers and business users.    
Development teams of a smaller size. 
Drawbacks:

Due to the complexity of the architecture, testing and monitoring are more difficult.  
Lacks the proper corporate culture for it to work.   
Pre-planning is essential.  
Complex development.  
Requires a cultural shift.  
Expensive compared to monoliths.   
Security implications.
Maintaining the network is more difficult.  

6. 