2. what is selenium?

    - Selenium is a automated testing framework which uses webDriver to automate web browser interactions and perform functional testing of web applications across different browsers and platforms(do user behavior simulation).


3. what is cucumber?

    - A testing tool that supports Behavior-Driven Development. It allows you to write test scenarios in a human-readable format that can be easily understood by people.
      Cucumber facilitates collaboration between technical and non-technical team members by enabling them to describe application behavior using natural language constructs.


4. what is JMeter?

    - A software application designed to load test functional behavior and measure performance.
    - It is primarily used for analyzing and measuring the performance of web applications, web services, databases, and other services.


5. What is the lifecircle of Junit?

    - It refers to the sequence of events that occur when running JUnit tests.
    - In JUnit5: @BeforeAll, @BeforeEach, @AfterEach, @AfterAll


6. Is @BeforeAll method should be Class level(static)?

    - Yes.


7. What is Mockito? and what is its limitations? what kind of tools can give help?

    - Mockito is an open-source mocking framework for Java that allows developers to create mock objects in unit tests.
    - Mockito cannot mock final classes or methods or static methods. Mockito cannot mock constructors.
    - Tools can help: PowerMock, several Mockito extension libraries, such as Mockito-legacy and Mockito-inline


8. What is @Mock and what is @InjectMocks?

    - @Mock: is provided by the Mockito framework used to create a mock object of a class or interface during unit testing, used to simulate the behavior of real objects and are used to isolate the code under test from its dependencies.
    - @InjectMocks: used to inject mock or spy objects into the fields of the target class being tested.


9. What is the stubbing (define behaviors)?

    - It refers to the process of defining the behavior of a mock object.


10. what is Mockito ArgumentMatchers

    - It allows you to specify flexible argument matching when stubbing or verifying method invocations on mock objects


11. what is Hamcrest Matchers

    - Hamcrest Matchers is a framework for writing matcher objects in Java.
    ```
    import static org.hamcrest.MatcherAssert.assertThat;
    import static org.hamcrest.Matchers.*;

        public class ExampleTest {
    
        @Test
        public void testStringMatchers() {
            String actual = "Hello, world";
    
            // Using Hamcrest Matchers to perform assertions
            assertThat(actual, is(notNullValue()));
            assertThat(actual, equalToIgnoringCase("hello, world"));
            assertThat(actual, containsString("world"));
        }
    }

    ```


12. do you know @spy? what is difference between @spy and @Mock?

    - A spy object is a real object that is partially mocked. It retains the real implementation of the object but allows specific methods to be stubbed or verified.
      mocks are primarily used to replace dependencies entirely, while spies are used when you need partial mocking while retaining the real behavior of the object.

13. What is assertion?

    - Assertions is a utility class provided by the JUnit Jupiter testing framework for writing assertions in Java unit tests. It is part of the org.junit.jupiter.api package


14. If you have developed a new feature, how many types of tests for this feature?
    and what kind of tests are written by you? what is the purpose of each type of
    tests?

    - Unit Tests: testing individual components, such as classes or methods, in isolation from the rest of the system.
    - Integration Tests: verify interactions between different components or modules of the system.
    - Regression Tests: ensure that the new feature does not introduce regressions or break existing functionality in the system.
    - Performance Tests: evaluate the performance characteristics of the feature, such as response time, throughput, and scalability.
    - Stress Tests: evaluate the behavior of a system under extreme conditions, such as high load, heavy traffic, or resource constraints.
    - User Acceptance Tests: Ensure that the software meets user needs and expectations.

    - Unit Tests and Integration Tests are typically done by software engineers.

