##### 2. What is the checked exception and unchecked exception in Java, could you give one example?

- Checked Exception is catched during compile time.
  - ClassNotFoundException
  - IOException
- Unchecked Exception is catched during runtime.
  - ArithmeticException
  - NullPointerException

##### 3. Can there be multiple finally blocks?

No. Only one finally block is allowed

##### 4. When both catch and finally return values, what will be the final result?

The return value in finally block will be the final result.

##### 5. What is Runtime/unchecked exception? what is Compile/Checked Exception?

See Question 2

##### 6. What is the difference between throw and throws?

- throws is a keyword used in method signature to indicate that the method might throw exceptions following the keyword.
- throw is a keyword used in codes to throw an exception to the caller.

##### 7. Run the below three pieces codes, Noticed the printed exceptions. why do we put the Null/Runtime exception before Exception?

We want to catch the **most specific** exception first and then the generic ones.

If not, all the exceptions of the subclasses will be handled in the higher level catch block making the remaining (catch) blocks unreachable leading to a compile-time exception.

##### 7. What is optional? why do you use it? write an optional example.

Optional is a container object which may or may not contain a non-null value.

```java
String name = "chuwa";
Optional<String> opt = Optional.ofNullable(name);
assertTrue(opt.isPresent());
```

##### 8. Why finally always be executed ?

To handle resources that are not closed.

##### 10. What are the types of design patterns in Java?

- Singleton
- Builder
- Factory
- Decorator
- Proxy
- Observer
- ...

##### 11. What are the SOLID Principles?

- Single Responsibility
- Open/Closed
- Liskov Substitution
- Interface Segregation
- Dependency Inversion

##### 12. How can you achieve thread-safe singleton patterns in Java ?

- Create the instance variable at the time of class loading.
- Synchronize the getInstance() method.
- Use synchronized block inside the if loop and volatile variable.

##### 13. What do you understand by the Open-Closed Principle (OCP) ?

Software entities (classes, modules, functions, etc.) should be open for extension, but closed for modification.

By doing so, we stop ourselves from modifying existing code and causing potential new bugs.

##### 14. Liskov’s substitution principle states that if class B is a subtype of class A, then object of type A may be substituted with any object of type B. What does this actually mean? (from OA ) choose your answer.

3. It means if a method is present in class A, it should also be present in class B so that the object of type B could substitute object of type A.