1. What is generic in Java? and type the generic code by yourself.

   a. https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa-eij-tutorial/tree/main/02-java-core/src/main/java/com/chuwa/tutorial/t01_basic/generic

   Generic type means parameterized types. This allows type to be a parameter in methods, classes, and interfaces.

Generic class:

```
public class GenericClass<T> {
    T obj;
    GenericClass(T obj) {
        this.obj = obj;
    }
    public T getObj() {
        return obj;
    }
}
```

Generic Method:

```
public static <T extends Comparable<T>> T maximum(T x, T y, T z) {
    T max = x;
    if (y.compareTo(max) > 0) {
        max = y;
    }
    if (z.compareTo(max) > 0) {
        max = z;
    }
    return max;
}

System.out.println(maximum("a", "b", "c"));
```

2. Read those codes and type it one by one by yourself. then push the code to your branch.

   https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa-eij-tutorial/tree/main/02-java-core/src/main/java/com/chuwa/tutorial/t06_java8

3. practice stream API at least 3 times

   a. https://blog.devgenius.io/15-practical-exercises-help-you-master-javastream-api-3f9c86b1cf82

4. Practice Optional methods at least 2 times

   a. https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa-eij-tutorial/blob/main/02-java-core/src/main/java/com/chuwa/tutorial/t06_java8/exercise/ShoppingCartUtil.java

5. Write the Singleton design pattern include eager load and lazy load.

Eager load:

```
Class Singleton {
    private static Singleton instance = new Singleton();
    private Singleton() {};
    public static Singleton getInstance() {
        return instance;
    }
}
```

Lazy Load:

```
Class Singleton {
    private Singleton() {};
    private static Class SingletonHolder {
        private static final Singleton INSTANCE = new Singleton();
    }
    public static Singleton getInstance() {
        return SingletonHolder.INSTANCE;
    }
}
```

6. What is Runtime Exception? could you give me some examples?

Runtime Exception is the exception that is thrown during runtime.

NullPointerException

7. Could you give me one example of NullPointerException?

```
public class Rectangle {
    private double width;
    private double height;
    public Integer num = null;
    Rectangle(double width, double height) {
        this.width = width;
        this.height = height;
    }
    public double getArea() {
        return width * height;
    }
}

public static void main(String[] args) {
    Rectangle rect = new Rectangle(3, 3);
    System.out.println(rect.num + 3);
}
```

8. What is the Optional class?

Optional class is a container that can hold objects of type T and null.

9. What are the advantages of using the Optional class?

We can use Optional class to wrap objects to avoid null check and try-catch block to make code neater. We can also chain method calls using optional class to have more fluent and functional code.

10. What is the @FunctionalInterface?

@FunctionalInterface is an annotation to check if a functional interface has only one abstract method.

Functional interface has only one abstract method, and the implementation of the abstract method in subclass is in Lambda

11. what is lambda?

Lambda refers to anonymous methods.

12. What is Method Reference?

Method reference is a syntactic sugar for lambda function.

13. What is Java 8 new features?

- Lambda
- Method reference
- Default methods in interfaces
- Stream API
- Optional Class

14. Lambda can use unchanged variable outside of lambda? what is the details?

Lambda can use final variables and effectively final variables.

The variable should either declared as final or does not change at all in order to be used by lambda.

15. Describe the newly added features in Java 8?

- Lambda: anonymous methods
- Method reference: a syntactic sugar for lambda function.
- Default methods in interfaces: allows implemented method in interfaces
- Stream API: to support functional style of programming where a stream is sequence of elements which can be processed sequentially or parallelly using declarative operations
- Optional Class: container that can hold objects of type T and null

16. Can a functional interface extend/inherit another interface?

A functional interface can extend another interface if that interface does not have an abstract method.

17. What is the lambda expression in Java and How does a lambda expression relate to a functional interface?

Lambda refers to anonymous methods in Java.

For functional interface, lambda expression is used to implement abstract methods in functional interfaces.

18. In Java 8, what is Method Reference?

Method reference is a syntactic sugar for lambda function.

19. What does the String::ValueOf expression mean?

s -> String.valueOf(s)

20. What are Intermediate and Terminal operations?

- Intermediate operation: transforms or filter elements in a stream, returning a new stream
- Terminal operation: produces results of the stream after all intermediate operations are applied. We can no longer use the stream once the terminal operation is applied

21. What are the most commonly used Intermediate operations?

- filter()
- map()
- sorted()

22. What is the difference between findFirst() and findAny()?

findFirst() returns the first element that matches while findAny() returns any element that matches.

23. How are Collections different from Stream?

- Streams
  - don't store data and operate on the source data structure
  - use functional interfaces, making it a good fit for programming language
  - consumable
  - not modifiable
  - iterated internally
- Collections
  - hold all data that are currently stored in a particular data structure
  - don't use functional interfaces
  - non-consumable
  - modifiable
  - iterated externally using loops
