1. List all of the new annotations to your annotations.md and explain its role.
2. how do you do the debug?

   First find the buggy code from the stack trace and put a breakpoint right before that area. Then run the program in the debug mode with the same input to see what's going on and try to change the logic and add error handling to capture that input and as much as edge cases as possible. Then run multiple input again to see if the bug is resolved.

3. What is DTO, VO, Payload, DO, model?

   DTO stands for data transfer object, formerly known as value objects (VO). It carries data between processes and help communication between API and server without exposing sensitive information.

   Payload is the data that is transported to the server when making an API request. A payload is usually in Json format.

   DO stands for data object

   DAO stands for data access object. It interacts with the persistance layer. It provides a mean to separate the business logic and the data access logic.

   A model object is a POJO (Plain Old Java Object) that represents the data that is used by the view layer of an application.

4. What is @JsonProperty("description_yyds") (不会的话，课上问)?

   @JsonProperty is used to mark non-standard getter/setter methods to be used with respect to the Json properties.

5. do you know what is jackson?

   ```
   <dependency>
   <groupId>com.fasterxml.jackson.core</groupId>
   <artifactId>jackson-databind</artifactId>
   <version>2.13.3</version>
   <scope>compile</scope>
   </dependency>
   ```

   Jackson is the most used libraries of spring boot that translates between JSON data and a Java POJO.

6. What is spring-boot-starter?

   Starters are a set of dependency descriptors that can be included in the application under the <dependencies> section in pom.xml.

   1. what dependencies in the below starter? do you know any starters?

   ```
   <dependency>
   <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
   <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-web</artifactId>
   </dependency>
   ```

   Spring Boot Starter Web is used to build RESTful applications using Spring MVC.

7. do you know `@RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)` ? could you list CRUD by this style?

   A post request method at the end point of "/users"

   @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.GET)

   @RequestMapping(value = "/users/{id}", method = RequestMethod.PUT)

   @RequestMapping(value = "/users/{id}", method = RequestMethod.DELETE)

8. What is ResponseEntity? why do we need it?

   ```
   new ResponseEntity<>(postResponse, HttpStatus.OK);
   new ResponseEntity<>(postResponse, HttpStatus.CREATED);
   ResponseEntity.ok(postService.getPostById(id));
   ```

   We can use ResponseEntity to set custom HTTP status codes and headers for our API responses.

9. What is ResultSet in jdbc? and describe the flow how to get data using JDBC.

   ResultSet in jdbc is a table of data representing a database result set, usually generated by executing a statement that queries the database.

   Java application -> JDBC API -> JDBC database driver -> database

10. What is the ORM framework?

    ORM stands for object relational mapping, and it is used to convert data between a relational database and the heap of and object-oriented programming language (Java). This then creates a virtual database that can be used within the programming language.

11. Learn how to use ObjectMapper by this example.

    1. https://github.com/TAIsRich/chuwa-eij-tutorial/blob/main/02-java-core/src/main/java/com/chuwa/exercise/oa/api/FoodOutletJackson.java

    ```
    FoodOutlet foodOutlet = objectMapper.readValue(resBody, FoodOutlet.class);
    String s = objectMapper.writeValueAsString(foodOutlet);
    objectMapper.readTree() // learn how to use it?
    ```

12. What is the serialization and deserialization?

    1. https://hazelcast.com/glossary/serialization/

       Serialization is the process of converting a data object into a series of bytes that saves the state of the object in an easily transmittable form.

       Deserialization is the reverse process that converts a series of bytes back into object that is easily read and manipulated by the native programming language.

13. use stream api to get the average of the array [20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32].

    ```
    public static void main(String[] args) {
       int[] array = new int[]{20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32};
       var od = Arrays.stream(array).average();
       if (od.isPresent()) {
             System.out.println(od.getAsDouble());
       }
    }
    ```

14. 抄写，https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/tree/03_post_pageable 你也可以像我⼀样分 branch 添加新代码。
15. 抄写 https://github.com/TAIsRich/springboot-redbook/tree/04_comment 你也可以像我⼀样分 branch 添加新代码。
16. Try to write the CRUD api for a new application Cassandra-Blog
    1. Watch(很重要) https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1aQ4y1Z7Nj/
    2. spring 提供了相关 dependency,(https://start.spring.io/)
       1. **Spring Data for Apache Cassandra**
    3. Cassandra ⼗分流⾏，且⾯试问的多。
