
3. how do you do the debug?
Postman, debug tools, unit testing

4.  What is DTO, VO, Payload, DO, model?
1. DTO stands for data transfer object. It is used to transfer data between layers. In the context of web application, DTO is used to transfer data between server and clients.
2. VO stands for Value Object. Represents a descriptive aspect of the domain with its own intrinsic attributes, but without a conceptual identity.
3. Payload refers to the actual data contained in a request or response body.
4. DO stands for data object. DO represents the data itself, often closely aligned with the database schema.
5. Model represents business data and logic, used throughout the application from persistence to presentation layers.

4.  What is @JsonProperty("description_yyds") ?
    When annotating a field or method in a Java class with @JsonProperty("description_yyds"), you're indicating that this field or getter/setter method should be mapped to a JSON property named description_yyds.

5.  do you know what is jackson?
    Jackson is a popular JSON parsing and processing library used in Java applications.


6.  What is spring-boot-stater?
    spring-boot-starter in Spring Boot refers to a set of convenient dependency descriptors that you can include in your application.
    what dependencies in the below starter? do you know any starters?
    
The below dependency is the spring web starter. It helps to build web applications, including RESTful applications using Spring MVC. Includes Tomcat as the default embedded container.

spring-boot-starter-data-jpa
spring-boot-starter-test


7.  do you know  @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)  ? could you list
    CRUD by this style?
    1. POST @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)
    2. PUT @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.PUT)
    3. GET @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.GET)
    4. DELETE @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.DELETE)

8.  What is ResponseEntity? why do we need it?
    ResponseEntity is a type in Spring Framework, used in Spring MVC and Spring Boot applications, especially when building RESTful web services. It represents the entire HTTP response, including status code, headers, and body. ResponseEntity includes header, payload, and HTTP status.

9.  What is ResultSet in jdbc? and describe the flow how to get data using JDBC
    ResultSet is an object that represents the result set of a query. It is essentially a table of data representing a database result set, where each row corresponds to a row in the result set generated by executing a SQL query.

   1. Load JDBC driver
   2. Establish a connection
   3. Create a statement
   4. Execute the Query
   5. Process the ResultSet
   6. Close the ResultSet statement and connection

10.  What is the ORM framework?
     ORM stands for object relational mapping. It is a framework that maps between object and relational tables in relational database. An ORM framework allows developers to work with database data in a more object-oriented way.

12.  What is the serialization and desrialization?
     Serialization is the process of converting an object into a format that can be easily stored or transmitted.

Deserialization is the reverse process of serialization. It involves converting data from a stored format back into a live object.

13.  use stream api to get the average of the array [20, 3, 78, 9, 6, 53, 73, 99, 24, 32].
     `Arrays.stream(arr).average().getAsDouble();`
