# 1
Check `/ShortQuestions/1.8/annotations.md`

# 2
I conduct debugging by using Postman, Intellij's debug tools, and unit testing.

# 3
1. DTO stands for data transfer object. It is used to transfer data between software application subsystems or layers. In the context of web application, DTO is used to transfer data between server and clients.
2. VO stands for Value Object. Represents a descriptive aspect of the domain with its own intrinsic attributes, but without a conceptual identity.
3. Payload refers to the actual data contained in a request or response body.
4. DO stands for data object. DO represents the data itself, often closely aligned with the database schema.
5. Model represents business data and logic, used throughout the application from persistence to presentation layers.

# 4
When annotating a field or method in a Java class with @JsonProperty("description_yyds"), you're indicating that this field or getter/setter method should be mapped to a JSON property named description_yyds.

# 5
Jackson is a popular JSON parsing and processing library used in Java applications.

# 6
spring-boot-starter in Spring Boot refers to a set of convenient dependency descriptors that you can include in your application.

The below dependency is the spring web starter. It helps building web applications, including RESTful applications using Spring MVC. Includes Tomcat as the default embedded container.

spring-boot-starter-data-jpa

spring-boot-starter-test

# 7
Yes. This is equivalent to @PostMapping("/users").
1. POST @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.POST)
2. PUT @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.PUT)
3. GET @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.GET)
4. DELETE @RequestMapping(value = "/users", method = RequestMethod.DELETE)

# 8
ResponseEntity is a type in Spring Framework, used in Spring MVC and Spring Boot applications, especially when building RESTful web services. It represents the entire HTTP response, including status code, headers, and body. ResponseEntity includes header, payload, and HTTP status.

Why do we need ResponseEntity?

1. Full Control Over HTTP Response
2. Fluent API for Building Responses
3. Enhanced Semantics in API
4. Error Handling
5. Support for Generic Types

# 9
ResultSet is an object that represents the result set of a query. It is essentially a table of data representing a database result set, where each row corresponds to a row in the result set generated by executing a SQL query.

1. Load JDBC driver
2. Establish a connection
3. Create a statement
4. Execute the Query
5. Process the ResultSet
6. Close the ResultSet statement and connection

# 10
ORM stands for object relational mapping. It is a framework that maps between object and relational tables in relational database. An ORM framework allows developers to work with database data in a more object-oriented way.

Here are some key features of ORM:
1. Abstraction of Data Access
2. Mapping of Objects to Database Tables
3. Automatic Query Generation
4. Simplification of Complex Joins
5. Data Type Conversion
6. Caching

# 12
Serialization is the process of converting an object into a format that can be easily stored or transmitted. 

Deserialization is the reverse process of serialization. It involves converting data from a stored format back into a live object.
# 13
`Arrays.stream(arr).average().getAsDouble();`
